Preemptive, but we are careful about things like this.

This is a notice and analysis regarding any potential legal liability of any code, software, or similar modifications, proposed, implemented, or attempted to be implemented into hardware owned by the end user.

The writer of this notice has a Juris Doctor from a Washington state law school and is a provisional member of the Washington State bar. This analysis can be viewed as a memorandum in anticipation of any claims made by any party who may decide that they have standing and wish to raise a complaint. The writer does not represent, cannot represent, and shall not represent anyone else but himself in any legal capacity and his status is merely an indicator that he is qualified to make an analysis and memorandum outside of a court of law.

1. Conflict check: Please check first if there would be a potential conflict with the following attorneys who have associated in an academic, professional, or personal level: Any graduates of Gonzaga Laaw School, 2012-2016, Mark Lorbeicki at Lowe Graham Jones, Manuel Rios at Rios & Cruz. This is a nonexhaustive list.
2. Ownership: Writer as an individual living in the state of New York received said hardware as an unconditional gift under the General Obligations Law of New York GOB ยง 5-332. Said hardware was only available for no cost regardless of request while a member of the Amazon Fresh(tm) organization but as the item is also listed for sale, its ownership is not necessarily tied to the organization and no software code written by Amazon(tm) and its associates have been modified. According to https://fresh.amazon.com/Conditions?ref_=nav_cond accessed August 18 2016, verbatim, "Conditions of Use
AmazonFresh.com is an affiliate of Amazon.com. The terms described in the Amazon.com Conditions of Use apply to the use of AmazonFresh.com, and by visiting this website, you are accepting those terms."
Affiliate has several different definitions under both the RCW and the WAC, and its precise meaning here, not being an issue, need not to be determined. As a deliberate and intentional separation of the entites exist, we rely primarily on the textual reading of terms that relate directly to Amazon Fresh(tm). We also rely on the June 21 additional set of notice provided that state the copyright of software used currently in the device can be and are actually in part the properties of 3rd parties regardless. Specifically at https://fresh.amazon.com/dash/notice and the binding document shall be mirrored here for reference only in a separate file. Writer asserts that no reverse engineering of Amazon-made software have or will occur as it is neither the intent nor within the writer's current technical ability to do so.
3. Writer is not responsible for the actions of others as this repository serves as a place of convenience for tracking potential changes. Each person wishing to modify the code is free to do so, but anyone modifying proprietary code should, not as a matter of legal advice but as a general part of due diligence in understanding one's rights, read the license relating to the device.
4 This is not an exhaustive list of assertions but merely a short list to address any potential but not recognized issues that may but vey well also may not be of issue later. It carries no additional implied or explicit warranty, intent, or any other unstated meaning except what is stated directly.
August 18, 2016
